Setcookie parameters: 

Cookies are usually small text files, given ID tags stored on our computer's browser directory or program data subfolders. They are created when we use our browser to visit a website that uses cookies to track our movements within the site, help us resume where we left off, remember our registered login, theme selection, preferences, and other customization functions. They hold text that can be stored on the user's computer and retrieved later. A cookie is sent along with the rest of the HTTP headers, which is defined as setcookie. Cookies are set using the setcookie function. There are six setcookie parameters. They are:

(1) name: The cookie name is required to specify the cookies' name.

(2) value: The cookie value is required to specify the cookies' value. It can be stored on the client machine.

(3 )expire: The cookie time is optional. It specifies when the cookie expires. It sets with PHP time function(1/1/70). For example, time()+3600*24*30 will set the cookie to expire in 30 days. If this parameter is not set, the cookie will expire at the end of the session.

(4) path: The cookie path is optional. It is on the server on which the cookie will be available. It specifies the server path of the cookie. For example, If set to "/", the cookie will be available within the entire domain and set to "/test/", the cookie will only be available within the test directory and all sub-directories of the test.  

(5) domain: The cookie domain is optional. It is an essential thing for which the cookie is available. It specifies the domain name of the cookie. For example, to make the cookie available on all subdomains of teammatrix.net, it would be set to ".teammatrix.net". Setting it to www.teammatrix.net will make the cookie only available in the www subdomain.

(6) secure:  The cookie secure is optional. It specifies whether or not the cookie should only be transmitted over a secure HTTPS connection. That means it indicates that the cookies should only be transmitted via HTTPS. The cookie set FALSE indicates as default. If a secure connection exists, the cookie will only set TRUE indicates.